Job Type:
Co-op Main

Job Title:
Machine Learning Developer

Number of Job Openings:
1

Level:

Intermediate
Senior
Region:
ON - York Region

Job - Address Line One:
50 Gracedale Drive

Job - City:
Richmond Hill

Job - Province/State:
Ontario

Job - Postal/Zip Code:
L4C 0Y3

Job - Country:
Canada

Employment Location Arrangement:
Remote

Additional Employment Arrangement Location Information:
We prefer the student being based within 3 hours of EST time zone.

Work Term Duration:
8 month consecutive work term preferred

Special Job Requirements:
8-month consecutive work term preferred
Students are responsible for ensuring they are eligible for an 8-month work term before applying. Please discuss your work/study sequence flexibility with your academic advisor as soon as possible.

Job Summary:
We're Stratum, a mining software company with machine learning models as our core product. Our 3D maps predict how gold, silver, copper, etc. are distributed (and how much!) using only small amounts of data, unconventional data processing, and proprietary ML protocols. Our work directly affects how much money a mine is going to make next week/month/year while reducing waste/cost. We're supported (and extremely well-funded!) by the likes of Founders Fund, Builders VC, and Ilya Sutskever, the Chief Scientist at OpenAI who have recognized the potential of our industry-disrupting technology. We're at an inflection point where mining companies are coming to us; we are looking for an adaptable and capable Machine Learning Developer to join our startup's technical team and help us meet this demand!

You'll be joining a diverse team of engineers and data scientists to work on building, improving, and maintaining end-to-end machine learning systems. If you are interested on building tools specifically for machine learning deployed in a legacy industry and want to explore novel applications of deep learning by working with mining clients, then this is the role for you. To do this job successfully, you need exceptional skills in data science, strong software engineering skills, and a healthy dose of curiosity to learn new things on the fly. Interest in working at a growing startup is a must!

Job Responsibilities:
Responsibilities

Build tools to assess model performance with different datasets and use cases
Improve testing framework for entire machine learning training pipeline (preprocessing to evaluation)
Work on the deployment pipeline including automating preprocessing, performance blind testing, and model inference
Produce and improve sections of Stratum's core services (like cross sections and drillhole simulator)
Engage and collaborate with other teams as first versions of core services are made available to clients

*Example of co-op project: Research and implement optimization algorithms for mixing AI model predictions in an ensemble; building out an analytics engine for monitoring the predictions of a model in production and reporting to a frontend
Required Skills:
Required Skills

Experience working with machine learning in computer vision, NLP, recommender systems, or scientific applications
Strong background in probability, machine learning, and data science
Strong experience with data analysis/processing libraries such as pandas and numpy
Ability to write robust code in Python
Experience with ML frameworks/libraries (Tensorflow, PyTorch, Jax, sk-learn)
Excellent communication skills for both technical and non-technical audiences
Self-learner and motivated to pick up new skills
Nice to Have
Previous experience working at startups
Familiarity with Git, experiment tracking tools (WandB, Comet, etc.)
Experience working on production machine learning using tools such as KubeFlow, MLFlow, AirFlow, Seldon Core, DVC, Spark, etc.
Written/oral fluency in a language besides English