1. In 2022 when working for the Region of Waterloo, I was introduced to the world of AI and LLMs for the first time. Before that my only goal in life was to find a decent job, start a family and live peacefully. But now, I see that it's possible to surpass human limits.
2. I would spend a year in some impoverished community, like an indigenous reserve. Empathy comes from experience. Understanding the hardships of others is what keeps us human.
3. I have yet to change my mind about anything I felt strongly about.
4. I think technology is making the people who know how to use it to their advantage smarter, and everyone else dumber. There are many free tools at your disposal, the cunning will use it to get ahead, and everyone else will fall behind.
5. It is more important to be respected. You can be liked and still treated like garbage. Parents like their children yet they still coddle them, would you want people to coddle you?
6. I think it is terrible for overall productivity, but as a worker I love it because I get to sleep in and feel more relaxed. It could work, but it's up to the company to make sure employees are working effectively.
7. Some dreams are really embarrassing or weird, watching other people's dreams is no different from reading their thoughts, it's a gross violation of privacy and it is impossible to fully suppress intrusive thoughts.
8. I would make it as tediously complex and long as possible so everyone wastes their time on it while I move on to more productive things.
9. Suddenly I understand all the laws of physics, the secrets of the universe are revealed before me.
10. Scheming. Most people live in the moment. No long term plan whatsoever. Some people have a goal which they work for, but how does that goal help them in the long term? They don't think it through.
11. My ideal weekend is one where I accomplish as much productive work as possible. I will be working on projects that boost my future productivity or can be monetized for profit.
12. Not really a hobby, but I think more people should appreciate paleontology. There are all sorts of strange animals, plants and ecosystems hidden in the past. Learning about prehistoric eras is truly like stepping into an alien world.
