2026 Consulting - Canada - Intern/Co-op|2026 Consultation - Canada - Stage/Coop
1634652
CAN-Calgary, CAN-Edmonton, CAN-Halifax, CAN-Montréal, CAN-Ottawa, CAN-Toronto, CAN-Vancouver
apply
_________
At EY, we’re all in to shape your future with confidence.


We’ll help you succeed in a globally connected powerhouse of diverse teams and take your career wherever you want it to go.


Join EY and help to build a better working world.


Are you ready to shape the future with confidence?


Here at EY, you’ll have the chance to build a truly exceptional experience. We’ll empower you with the latest technology, surround you with high-performing teams, and provide the global scale and diverse and inclusive culture you need to discover your full potential. Through our coaching and training programs, you’ll develop the skills you need to stay relevant today and, in the future, – all while building a network of colleagues, mentors, and leaders who will be on the journey with you at EY and beyond.


The opportunity: your next adventure awaits


At EY Consulting, we are building a better working world by transforming businesses through the power of people, technology, and innovation. The advent of emerging tech is recasting all industries and requires our clients to embrace turning new technology capabilities into new competitive advantages.


We work collaboratively with some of the top executives in the largest companies in the world, helping them create and realize the best solutions for the future of their companies. Each project will be different, so you’ll need to be able to excel in ambiguous situations and confidently navigate ever-changing circumstances. We’ll look to you to take ownership of projects, be a self-starter, have the ability to translate complex information into simple terms, and deliver long-term solutions with confidence. On this team, you’ll have the unique opportunity to imagine the future as well as create it, where you can craft ideas and implement them for our clients.


We are hiring into our Business, People, Technology and Risk Consulting groups:


Business Consulting:

Business Transformation (Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Edmonton, Vancouver)
Finance Transformation (Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Calgary, Vancouver)
EY Studio+ (Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver)
Digital Supply Chain & Operations (Toronto, Montreal, Calgary, Ottawa)

People Consulting:

Workforce Advisory (Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa, Calgary, Vancouver)
HR Transformation & HR Technology (Toronto, Montreal, Ottawa)

Technology Consulting:

Technology Strategy & Transformation (Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver)
Cybersecurity (Toronto, Montreal, Calgary, Vancouver)
Artificial Intelligence & Data (Toronto, Montreal, Calgary, Vancouver)
Sector Technologies & Platforms – Banking Technology (Toronto, Montreal)
Digital Engineering (Toronto)
SAP and Oracle Platforms (Toronto, Montreal, Vancouver)
Microsoft (Toronto)
FoP Technologies & Platforms – Insurance (Toronto)
ServiceNow (Toronto, Montreal, Calgary)
Healthcare (Toronto, Edmonton, Vancouver)

Risk Consulting:

Financial Services Risk Management (Toronto, Montreal)
Process & Controls (Toronto, Vancouver)
Digital Risk (Toronto)
Actuarial (Toronto, Quebec City)

Note: Upon submission of your application, candidates will receive a link to complete a video interview and survey that provides details about each team and their work. These must be completed within 48 hours. Both components are required for your application to be considered. Applications that are incomplete will not be reviewed.


As we are client facing, we expect our staff to demonstrate professionalism and competence in the client's environment. To maintain a strong client focus, be responsive to client requests, and to develop/maintain productive working relationships with client personnel. Staff should be informed of current business/economic developments relevant to the client's business and collaborate with team members to set goals and responsibilities for the project.


If you’re ready to build on your potential, develop as a consultant, and join a growing team, this role is for you. Sound interesting? Well, this is just the beginning. Visit our website here to learn more.


What we look for


You have an agile, growth-oriented mindset. What you know matters. But the right mindset is just as important in determining success. We’re looking for people who are innovative, can work in an agile way and keep pace with a rapidly changing world.
You are curious and purpose driven. We’re looking for people who see opportunities instead of challenges, who ask better questions to seek better answers that build a better working world.
You are inclusive. We’re looking for people who seek out and embrace diverse perspectives, who value differences, and team inclusively to build safety and trust.
Qualifications:
Pursuing an undergraduate or graduate degree in business, STEM, or another related major
Demonstrated project management, teaming, organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills and the willingness and ability to learn and work independently with minimal supervision
Effective organization and time management skills with the ability to work under pressure and adhere to project deadlines
Strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills
Committed to integrity within a professional environment
Quebec based roles involve interaction with clients operating nationally and globally where fluency in French and English is required. Bilingualism in both French and English is therefore a requirement of this role.

What’s in it for you

Accelerate your technical capabilities and transformative leadership skills with future-focused courses and development programs.
Broaden your horizons by working on highly integrated teams across the globe and collaborate with people of diverse backgrounds — both professionally and culturally.
Bring out the best in yourself with continuous investment in your personal well-being and career development.
Develop your own personal purpose and help us create a positive ripple effect on our teams, our business, clients, and society – building a better working world, together.
Students enrolled in a co-operative education program are entitled to a comprehensive Total Rewards package that incorporates medical & health benefits, including $5,000 for mental health and a pro-rated wellness allowance for your time at EY.

What you can expect

We are currently accepting intern and co-op applications for May 2026.
To apply, please create a profile, and submit your most recent cover letter, resume, and unofficial transcripts as one single PDF document. Please indicate which team you are applying for on your cover letter.
Within a week of submitting your PDF application, you will be provided with a link to complete the video and survey component of your application. You will have 48 hours to complete this video and survey. All candidates must complete this video and survey as part of the application process.
Depending on the team you are interviewing for, successful candidates can expect to complete behavioural and case interviews with members of the Consulting team followed by a final round interview with senior leaders.

British Columbia Region Pay Information


The salary range for this job in British Columbia is $56,000 to $66,000. Individual salaries within this range are determined through a wide variety of factors including but not limited to education, experience, knowledge, skills and work location city.


Diversity and Inclusion at EY


Diversity and inclusiveness are at the heart of who we are and how we work. We’re committed to fostering an environment where differences are valued, policies and practices are equitable, and our people feel a sense of belonging. We embrace diversity and are committed to combating systemic racism, advancing gender equity and women in leadership, advocating for the 2SLGBTQIA+ community, promoting our neuroinclusion and accessibility initiatives, and are dedicated to amplifying the voices of Indigenous peoples (First Nations, Inuit, and Métis) nationally as we strive towards reconciliation. Our diverse experiences, abilities, backgrounds, and perspectives make our people unique and help guide us. Because when people feel free to be their authentic selves at work, they bring their best and are empowered to build a better working world.


To have the best candidate experience, we encourage you to apply to no more than two positions within a six month period.


Please note: Due to high volumes of applicants and varying local deadlines. Only successful applicants moving forward to an interview will be contacted.


To help create the best experience during the recruitment process, please describe any disability-related adjustments or accommodations you may need.


EY | Building a better working world


EY is building a better working world by creating new value for clients, people, society and the planet, while building trust in capital markets.


Enabled by data, AI and advanced technology, EY teams help clients shape the future with confidence and develop answers for the most pressing issues of today and tomorrow.


EY teams work across a full spectrum of services in assurance, consulting, tax, strategy and transactions. Fueled by sector insights, a globally connected, multi-disciplinary network and diverse ecosystem partners, EY teams can provide services in more than 150 countries and territories.